1. - Would you happen to have a measurement / work protocol for the 2019 voyage, describing methods used to collect measurements? Oceanographic data was collected using the Sea Bird Electronics model 25, Carousel Deck Unit model 33, USA hydrological complex: - hydrological probe SBE 25 Sealogger CTD; - sampler SBE 32; - On-board sampler control unit SBE 33. This configuration provides real-time cable collection of oceanographic data with parallel water sampling. For data processing, standard software for SBE 25 was used. The immersion depth was 1000 m. In parallel, a profilometer ASTD-102 Rinko (Japan) was used at stations through one. Rinko has sensors for temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, turbidity and chlorophyll-a. The immersion depth was 600 m. Samples for chemical analysis were taken from standard horizons: 0, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 400, 600, 1000. Chemical analysis for determinations silicates, phosphates, nitrites, nitrates and dissolved oxygen in water was performed in a ship's laboratory. Sea water for the analysis of the "first day" for nutrients was taken in polyethylene 0.5 liter bottles, for the determination of oxygen - in oxygen glass bottles with fixation. Samples were stored in a dark place. Sample determination was carried out within 5 hours. In accordance with international standards, the results of measurements of nutrient element concentrations are given in .mol/l (.M, .M / L), and dissolved oxygen in ml/l. Oxygen was determined by the Winkler method with a visual ending. Weiss oxygen solubility was used for calculating the percentage saturation of water with oxygen Silicates were determined by the Dienert-Vandenbulke method, based on the colorimetry of a yellow silicon-molybdenum complex. Colorimetry was carried out on a Shimadzu UV1800 spectrophotometer at a wavelength of . = 380 nm. Phosphates were determined by the Morphy-Riley method based on the colorimetry of a phosphor-molybdenum heteropoly acid reduced with ascorbic acid. In the work, a mixed reagent proposed by Sugawara was used. The optical density of the samples was measured on a Shimadzu UV1800 spectrophotometer at a wavelength of . = 885 nm. Nitrites were determined by the Bendschneider-Robinson method (using .- (naphthyl) ethylenediamine sulfate and sulfonamide as colorizing reagents). The optical density of the samples was measured on a Shimadzu UV1800 photocolorimeter at a wavelength of . = 543 nm. Nitrates were determined by the nitrite reduction method proposed by Wood. Nitrates were recovered in gearboxes with copper-plated cadmium; The method was used in the modification of V.V. Sapozhnikov with an alkaline solution of the disubstituted sodium salt of EDTA as a complexing agent. After passing the samples through the reducers, the nitrite concentration was determined by the method described above. During the voyage, the biochemical oxygen consumption (BOD5) was evaluated. After a five-day exposure, the concentration of residual oxygen was determined. Based on the difference between the concentrations of dissolved oxygen on the 1st day and after five-day thermostating, the value of biochemical oxygen consumption for five days was calculated. 2. - Would you be able to tell me how bottom depth at each station is measured? The scientific sounder Simrad EK-60 worked on a research vessel continuously to measure depth. 3. - In the dataset, what is the difference between column `NO.(ST)` and `NO.Trawl`? The metadata describes NO.(ST) as the station number, but then shouldn't this go from 1 - 60? `NO.Trawl` does go from 1 - 60, but seems to describe the number of the trawl set? Can you clarify? Trawl and station numbers have several meanings since before starting work in the Gulf of Alaska, "Professor Kaganovsky" carried out trawling in the North-West Pacific. It was necessary to continuously record trawl numbers from the ship's exit from the russian port for report at our institute. But you can correct all the stations and trawls on the numbers of the stations that were made in Alaska Bay. That is, you can simply use sequential numbering from 1 to 60. 4. - How is the sampling method for the two columns for conductivity (`EC25` and `Cond.[mS/cm]`) different? These two columns refer to the sensors that the ASTD-102 Rinko is equipped with. I think the methods for these sensors can be found on the Internet. I did not study these methods, I do not use this data in my work. 5. - It seems like BOD5 is typically measured in mg/L, but in the dataset it is measured in [ml\L]; can you confirm this is correct? I usually measure oxygen and BOD5 in ml / l for my report. You can use the following formula to calculate the oxygen concentration in mg / l: C [O2] ml/l * 1.428 = C [O2] mg/l C [BOD5] ml/l * 1.428 = C [BOD5] mg/l 6. The turbidity is recorded in FTU. I am not familiar with this unit of measurement for turbidity, and it seems like NTU is more internationally recognized? Can you perhaps tell me what the relation/conversion rate is between FTU and NTU, or whether these are interchangeable? FTU is the Formazine Turbidity Unit. According to ISO 7027 (Water quality - Determination of turbidity), the turbidity unit is FNU (Formazine Nephelometric Unit). The United States Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) and the World Health Organization (WHO) use the NTU (Nephelometric Turbidity Unit). The ratio between the main units of turbidity is as follows: 1 FTU (EMF in Russia) = 1 FNU = 1 NTU. 7. There seems to be a discrepancy in the timezone recorded between different datasets from the same voyage. In the CTD dataset, this is recorded at UTC+10h, whereas in other datasets provided from the same cruise, the timezone is UTC+12h. Could you tell me which timezone is the correct one? I find it difficult to answer this question. 8. In the CTD dataset, column Z is `Batt. [V]_R`, but in the metadata this column is `26 colume : Desolved Oxygen from CTD (Model : Rinko) (until 600m)`. This seems like an error in the metadata, but can you confirm that this column is indeed for the battery voltage, and not a measurement for dissolved oxygen? I don’t have a metadata file. I think you can use the Rinko data file. That is, most likely this is an error in the metadata. 